Go: Add Rs Cors Support (#14873)
github/codeql: go/ql/lib/change-notes/2023-10-31-add-rs-cors-framework.md

---
category: minorAnalysis
---

> * Added the [rs cors](https://github.com/rs/cors) library to the CorsMisconfiguration.ql query

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Added the [rs cors](https://github.com/rs/cors) library to the query "CORS misconfiguration" (`go/cors-misconfiguration`).
```
